Update configure-email-forwarding.md (#12847)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/email/configure-email-forwarding.md

- Once you set up email forwarding, only **new** emails sent to the  **from**  mailbox will be forwarded.

> - Email forwarding requires that the  *from*  account has a license unless it is a shared mailbox. If you're setting up email forwarding because the user has left your organization, another option is to [convert their mailbox to a shared mailbox](convert-user-mailbox-to-shared-mailbox.md). This way several people can access it. However, a shared mailbox cannot exceed 50GB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Email forwarding requires that the  *from*  account has a license unless it is a shared mailbox. If you're setting up email forwarding because the user has left your organization, another option is to [convert their mailbox to a shared mailbox](convert-user-mailbox-to-shared-mailbox.md). This way several people can access it. However, a shared mailbox cannot exceed 50 GB.
```
